---
layout: assignment-two-column
title: |
    Project Checkpoint: First Deliverable
abbreviation: P3
type: project
due_date: 2022-05-20
ordering: 1 
points: 6
draft: 0
---

## Overview
Your submission for this week's deliverable should consist of three parts:
1. Sharing some design / code of what you have accomplished (Q1).
2. Answering the 4 reflective questions below (Q2-Q5).
3. Giving two of your classmates feedback on their designs.

This is an opportunity for you to reflect on your accomplishments, share your insights and ideas with others, and consider how you can best use your time in the weeks to come to make progress on your project.

## Part I. Sharing Your Experience

### 1. Sharing your code / designs [3pts]
Please share something that best represents your project thus far. This could be a link to your your GitHub repository, a screenshot of your code (or some attachments), drawings of your screens, a Figma mockup, etc. 

{:.blockquote-no-margin}
> #### Side note
> We're all still learning how all of these technologies work, so no need to feel hesitant to share your progress...even if you hoped to be further along! The point is to put in a good faith effort and to get feedback from your peers.


### 2. Reflecting on your accomplishments [0.5pts]
What did you accomplish this week (i.e. how’d it go)?


### 3. Reflecting on challenges [0.5pts]
What took the most time / was the most challenging part of what you did? Do you feel stuck? How can you get unstuck? Is there any specific feedback that you would like from your classmates?


### 4. Next steps [0.5pts]
What will you be working on next week?


### 5. Scope revision? [0.5pts]
Given your experience this week, are you on track to deliver on what you proposed last week? If not, what adjustments to the scope of your project are you planning to make?


## Part II. Commenting on Your Classmates' Progress [1pt]
Please comment on the submissions of two of your classmates. Some categories of feedback might include:
* What are the strengths of the submission?
* Do you know of any tools, libraries, or code samples that might help your classmate?
* Any suggestions of things they might consider incorporating into their website (e.g., layout tips, colors and fonts)? 
    * Keep in mind that this is just the first submission, so they may not have had time to complete the visual design yet.
* Please keep the tone supportive and encouraging. For many students in the class, this is their very first experience with coding and design, so calibrate the feedback accordingly.
* Please submit your feedback **by Monday night (5/23)**.


{:.blockquote-no-margin}
> **Note:** The parameters of the project are described in detail on the [final project overview](../project-description) page.


## Rubric

{:.checkbox-list}
* **[3 points]** Completes rough draft of the deliverable
* **[2 points]** Submits a thoughtful reflection / next steps document (can be short)
* **[1 point]** Posts 2 comments on their classmate's posts (by Monday evening, 5/23).